Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a drama thriller
film called "Into the Forest."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Massive power outages have been occurring
throughout the west coast of the U.S. due
to an unidentified fault in the grid.
In a secluded home in the forest, Robert and
his daughters, Nell and Eva, are going through
their typical routines when the power outage
suddenly hits their home.
Nell, who was studying for her S.A.T. exam,
tries reading books with a battery-operated
flashlight, but the battery runs out too,
so she heads to the car to grab a headlamp.
In the morning, Robert asks his daughter to
come with him to town to get some fuel.
However, their jeep wouldn't start because
the battery is drained.
When Nell turns on the news on her solar-powered
radio, they learn that the outage is happening
across the region.
The report explains that a problem at one
power plant had triggered shut-downs across
the power grid.
Transportation has been crippled because there
is no way to operate the subway system and
the airports without fuel and electricity.
A few days go by, Robert is still looking
for a way to get his car running.
Nell suggests walking, but Robert tells her
that it will take three days to reach the
nearest town.
Eva, who's studying interpretative dance,
is left with no choice but to practice without
music.
Soon, they stop hearing anything from the
radio.
Robert notices that Nell is still worried
about her S.A.T., so he assures her that she'll
pass with flying colors.
After ten days without power, Robert approaches
Nell to tell her that he has an idea how to
get their jeep to run.
Robert takes the chainsaw apart and removes
the chain, so he could use it to get the vehicle's
motor going.
The girls jump for joy when they hear the
engine running.
As they pass by the nearest house, Robert
notices that their neighbor has left their
home.
They soon arrive at the store, but the supplies
are almost cleared out.
As they look at what's left, Stan, the store
clerk, pumps his shotgun and asks Robert if
he has money.
Robert assures him that he's capable of paying
for what they need.
When Robert asks if he knows where they can
get some fuel, Stan tells Robert to go to
the back of the store when they're done shopping.
Nell reminds Robert that they need an inverter
for the solar panels, but Stan tells them
that there hasn't been any shipment for some
time due to the lack of gas.
At the back of the store, Stan sells them
a few gallons of fuel.
The clerks ask them if they're planning on
leaving town, but Robert tells him that they'll
wait until the power returns.
After leaving the store, Eva attends her interpretative
dance class while Nell meets up with her friend
Eli.
After spending the whole day together, Eli
kisses Nell, saying it feels like it's the
end of the world.
When Robert comes to fetch Nell, she's already
too drunk.
Before leaving, Eli gives Nell another kiss
and tells her that he hopes to see her again
the following week.
On their way home, Robert notices a car pulled
up on the side of the road, so he goes down
to see if they need help.
When he gets out of his jeep, one of the men
shows off his shotgun, so Robert gets back
into his vehicle and drives home.
The next morning, Robert tells the girls that
they wouldn't be going to town for a while.
He asserts that they're safe at home and they
have enough supplies.
However, Nell gets upset and tells him that
she'll drive the jeep on her own.
While chopping wood outside the house, Nell
asks Robert if he intends to stay home for
the rest of their lives.
He assures her that they'll only wait until
the power goes back on.
Nell is still angry about Robert's decision,
so she lashes out at him when he calls her
"pumpkin."
Later, Robert heads into the forest to cut
down a tree with the chainsaw.
The girls suddenly hear him screaming.
When they reach the area, they see a large
wound on Robert's leg.
Eva quickly applies pressure on the wound
while Nell ties a belt around it.
Despite their efforts, Robert feels like he's
not going to make it, so he encourages the
girls to take care of each other.
Nell cries as she tells Robert that he's going
to be fine, but Robert eventually succumbs
to his wounds.
The girls lie down beside Robert in the woods
until the morning and bury him right on the
spot where he died.
Back home, Eva, still in shock about the loss
of her father, takes a bath to clean up the
blood.
Nell, on the other hand, tries to hold on
to a memory of Robert by smelling his shirt.
Two months after the power failure, the girls'
food supply is already running low, and they're
barely getting by.
Eva has since started to suffer from depression
and refuses to eat breakfast with her sister.
When Eva gets frustrated practicing her dance
without music, she asks Nell to fill the generator
with gas.
She tells Nell that she wants to watch their
parents in their home videos and dance with
music instead of just hearing the ticks of
the metronome.
However, Nell stresses that they need the
gas for their jeep.
Eva notes that they only need four gallons,
leaving them with one gallon to spare, but
Nell insists that they have to save the fuel
for an emergency.
Feeling disappointed by Nell's refusal, Eva
covers her windows with white sheets and refuses
to come out of the dance room.
The following day, Nell finds out that their
chickens have been attacked by wild boars.
She tries to inform Eva, but she still refuses
to come out.
When Eva finally leaves her room, she goes
to the kitchen to grab the food and walks
away.
Nell tries to reason with her, but Eva tells
Nell that she clearly doesn't understand how
she feels.
One night, Nell reaches out for Eva as they
sleep, but she finds out that Eva's not there.
She runs outside and calls out to her as wild
boars roar around her.
Eva soon hears Nell crying and wakes her up
from her bad dream.
As Eva tries to comfort her, Nell tells Eva
that she dreamed that the pigs attacked their
father and she couldn't find her anywhere.
While cleaning up a drawer one evening, Nell
finds a plastic easter egg with a piece of
chocolate inside, so she calls Eva, hoping
to share it with her.
When she doesn't respond, she goes ahead and
eats it.
As she savors the taste in her mouth, Eva
enters the room and begs her to let her use
the generator for just 10 minutes.
Nell tells Eva that she still can't agree
to her request, but she has a surprise that
she might like.
She shows Eva the plastic easter egg with
two pieces of gum, saying she can have both
of them.
However, Eva soon notices the chocolate wrapper
and gets mad at Nell when she hears that Nell
already ate it.
Nell explains that she didn't think that Eva
would mind because she ignored her when she
called.
As they argue, the girls suddenly hear someone
knocking on the door, so they grab a gun and
hide.
When the knocking continues, Nell uses her
low voice, pretending to be a man, to ask
who's at the door.
She hears Eli answering, so she opens the
door.
Eli tells them that he was riding his bike
on his way to their house, but he got a flat,
so he walked.
When Eli asks where their father is, Eva tells
him that he died in an accident.
Eli informs them that people in town are starting
to get sick because there's no water filtration.
He thought that Nell already died when she
stopped coming to town.
Nell explains that they couldn't visit the
town because they ran out of gas.
When Eli asks if they have bicycles, they
tell him that their father gave them away
to kids at a school.
The following day, Nell takes Eli deep into
the woods to show him a shed made out of a
tree stump.
When they reach the shed, Nell takes him inside
and makes love to him.
When they get back home, Eli plays the harmonica
for the girls, but Eva suddenly gets up and
leaves the room.
Eli thinks that he must have offended her,
but Nell explains that Eva will probably practice
dancing.
Eli wonders why she still does it, given their
current situation, so Nell discloses that
Eva still looks forward to the audition.
Nell points out that she herself feels the
need to keep studying.
Eli notes that they're just like other people
who keep checking their mailbox even when
no mail has arrived in town for months.
In the morning, Eva asks Nell how long Eli's
going to stay with them.
She points out that he's eating their food
when they're already running out.
When Nell asks her why she doesn't like him,
Eva ignores the question and warns her not
to get pregnant because they can't take care
of a baby.
While spending time at the shed, Eli tells
Nell that electricity has started to come
back in the east.
He plans to go there and wants to take Nell
with him.
When Nell asks him why he didn't tell them
when he first came to the house, Eli says
that he wanted to get to know Nell first and
make sure that she's the one he wants to take
with him.
Nell wants to go, but Eva is skeptical about
Eli's plans.
She thinks that the journey would take too
long because they will be on foot.
Eli argues that it's not fair for them if
they just wait at home and nothing happens.
Eva wants to stay behind, but she tells Nell
that she can go if she wants.
As Nell and Eli prepare to leave, Eva gives
her a gun, but Nell says they already have
enough firearms.
Nell apologizes for not letting her use the
generator.
She wishes that they could've stayed one more
night, so they could have a party and watch
Eva dance.
Nell goes on to tell Eva that she is hoping
that they can stick together because they
only have each other.
Eva stresses that she's always going to be
Nell's sister despite their choices.
After they leave, Eva practices her dance,
but she gets frustrated from being left by
Nell, so she throws the metronome.
Out in the forest, Nell and Eli decide to
rest beside a large tree as it gets dark.
When Nell wakes up in the morning, she tells
Eli that she can't go with him because she
can't leave Eva behind.
Before parting ways, Eli kisses Nell and says
he will love her however he can.
Nell runs back to the house and apologizes
to Eva for leaving.
As they run low on food, the girls decide
to go into the forest to find edible plants.
They manage to gather lots of berries, so
they dry them out in the sun and put them
in jars.
Days after Eli left, Nell is delighted to
learn that she's on her period.
Later that night, she takes a bottle of alcohol
and invites Eva to drink.
When Eva reminds her that they're supposed
to be saving the liquor for childbirth, Nell
stresses that no one is giving birth in the
house any time soon.
They start drinking from the bottle and decide
to turn on the generator for a few minutes.
After turning the power on, they sit together
and watch their family's home videos.
Later on, Nell watches Eva practice her dance
with music.
When the generator goes out, Nell pours the
fuel into another container while Eva is asleep.
The following day, Nell leaves the house to
gather some blueberries in the woods.
While Eva is chopping some wood, a man approaches
her.
When she turns around, she recognizes him
as Stan, the store clerk.
Stan tells Eva he was headed north, but he
heard her chopping some wood, so he decided
to drop by.
When Stan notices the woodpile behind Eva,
he asks her if she cut it by herself.
Eva tells him that his father chopped it.
Stan says he wants to talk with her father,
so she tells him that he's in the woods and
he's coming back any minute.
Stan tells her that he's going to stay until
his father arrives.
As Stan starts walking close to her, Eva holds
on to her ax, preparing to defend herself.
Before she could move away, Stan suddenly
grabs her and throws away her ax.
Eva fights back by elbowing him in the gut
and kneeing him on the crotch, but Stan manages
to get on top of her and pin her down.
After striking her in the face, Stan starts
removing his pants and forces himself on Eva
as she screams.
After a while, Stan gets up and leaves her
on the ground.
As Nell is walking home, she hears Eva screaming,
so she drops the berries and runs toward the
house.
Before she arrives, Stan grabs a gasoline
container and steals their car.
When she reaches the yard, Nell grabs the
ax and looks around for the assailant, shouting
that she'll kill him.
After making sure that the man has left, Nell
takes Eva back to the house and gives her
a pill.
When Nell tries to comfort her, Eva recoils
from her touch.
That night, Eva tells Nell that she misses
their mother.
Nell recalls how fascinated she was watching
them dance together because it seemed like
she saw double.
Nell then confides that she misses their father
as well.
The next day, the girls start boarding up
their entire house.
As the days go by, Eva has become even more
depressed and has not been eating properly.
One day, Nell turns on the generator to cheer
up Eva with music.
Eva recalls that Stan had stolen their last
container of fuel, so she asks Nell where
she got it.
Nell discloses that she hid a few gallons
some days ago.
Nell invites her to dance and have some fun,
but Eva seems disinterested, so Nell turns
the music off.
Eight months after the power outage, Nell
becomes disgusted with the canned food they
usually eat.
While searching around the house, Nell finds
a note marked "pumpkin," so he calls Eva and
shows it to her.
Nell thinks that it must be special, so she
tells Eva that they should read it outside.
When they unfold the paper, they realize that
it's not a note at all but pumpkin seeds.
While Nell is digging up the garden, she hurts
her back while lifting a huge rock, so she
calls Eva for help.
Eva, still traumatized by her experience in
the yard, hesitantly runs toward Nell and
takes her inside the house.
As she massages Nell's back, she starts to
cry.
She tells Nell that she's afraid because she
feels like black waves are swallowing her
up.
When Eva starts to eat properly again, Nell
notices that she feels constantly nauseated.
Eva tells her that she's just queasy, but
Nell already suspects that she's pregnant,
so she starts researching how they could terminate
the pregnancy.
While she's reading up on the subject, Eva
confirms to her that she's pregnant and she
wants to keep the baby because she doesn't
want to lose anything else.
When Nell reminds her how she got pregnant,
Eva tells her that the baby has nothing to
do with what happened to her.
She argues that the baby shouldn't be held
responsible for the parent's actions.
As the pregnancy progresses, Nell helps Eva
with her diet to ensure that the baby is born
healthy.
She learns that a lack of vitamin B-12 may
be the cause of Eva's fatigue and nausea,
so she goes out to the woods to hunt a wild
boar because it is a good source of B-12.
As she waits for the pigs to arrive, she falls
asleep on a branch of a tree.
Soon, the sound of the boar awakens her.
Nell shoots the animal and falls down from
the tree due to the recoil of her rifle.
After getting back up, she runs toward the
boar and sees that it's still alive, so she
apologizes to the pig before shooting it again.
After bringing the wild boar home, she starts
skinning it and removing its organs.
They separate the animal's fat, so they could
use it to make soap.
When they finally eat it, they're delighted
that they get to eat something other than
canned food.
While relaxing outside the house, Eva tells
Nell that her child will become a dancer someday.
She lets Nell feel the baby kicking in her
womb.
Nell tells her that the baby could be female,
but Eva is convinced that her child will be
a boy, so they make a bet.
One evening, Eva suddenly smells something
outside while they eat dinner.
Nell suspects that it's a phantom smell caused
by her pregnancy, but Eva says that it smells
like smoke coming from outside the house.
Nell takes a brief look outside and finds
nothing.
Eva fears that Stan might be camping near
their house, but Nell says she doesn't think
he'll return.
As the girls are sleeping, they are suddenly
awakened by a loud noise inside the house.
When Nell gets up to investigate, she finds
that a beam had collapsed.
Eva suddenly feels contractions as more parts
of their house fall, so she tells Nell that
they should get out of the house.
Nell and Eva walk to the shed in the woods
so she can give birth there.
Upon their arrival, Eva starts to feel more
contractions.
Not long after, Eva starts to feel the baby
coming out, so Nell prepares to take the infant.
Later, Nell tells Eva that she was right about
giving birth to a boy.
When they get inside the house, Eva notices
the smell of black mold.
She tells Nell that she can't raise the baby
in their house because it's not safe.
Eva takes the fuel they have left and tells
Nell that she wants to use it because she
won their bet.
Eva tells Nell that she will use the gas to
burn their house down because it's already
falling apart.
Eva explains that someone would eventually
come looking for them.
If they leave, someone will move into the
house, but if they burn it, people would think
that they died in the fire.
Eva points out that the house is rotting,
and it's impossible for them to fix the roof.
Nell worries about starting a forest fire,
but Eva assures her that it's too wet because
of the recent rains.
Eva further notes that humans haven't lived
without electricity for a long time, so she
argues that they'll be able to survive out
in the woods.
Soon, Nell agrees with Eva, but she takes
some time to look at the pictures of her family
before they burn their house.
Later on, Eva douses the house with gasoline
after they take some essential items.
Nell then lights up the fire and hesitantly
throws it into the house.
After watching the house burn for a while,
they walk to the woods to find a way to survive
outside of their home.